mutt,,1074468571@schiraldi.org,1074468571@schiraldi.org,Mike Schiraldi,preferred
mutt,,7vvtch802@sneakemail.com,7vvtch802@sneakemail.com,ta_panta_rei,preferred
mutt,,Nyff@protonmail.ch,Nyff@protonmail.ch,Oneric,preferred
mutt,,Sebastien.Hinderer@libertysurf.fr,Sebastien.Hinderer@libertysurf.fr,Sébastien Hinderer,preferred
mutt,,Sebastien.Hinderer@libertysurf.fr,Sebastien.Hinderer@ens-lyon.org,Sébastien Hinderer,secondary
mutt,,Toomas.Soome@microlink.ee,Toomas.Soome@microlink.ee,Toomas Soome,preferred
mutt,,Toomas.Soome@microlink.ee,tsoome@muhv.pri.ee,Toomas Soome,secondary
mutt,,Zardoz@users.sourceforge.net,Zardoz@users.sourceforge.net,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,a.c.li@ieee.org,a.c.li@ieee.org,Ambrose Li,preferred
mutt,,aaron@schrab.com,aaron@schrab.com,Aaron Schrab,preferred
mutt,,aaron@schrab.com,aaron+mutt@schrab.com,Aaron Schrab,secondary
mutt,,aaronl@vitelus.com,aaronl@vitelus.com,Aaron Lehmann,preferred
mutt,,aduitsis@gmail.com,aduitsis@gmail.com,Athanasios Douitsis,preferred
mutt,,agriffis@n01se.net,agriffis@n01se.net,Aron Griffis,preferred
mutt,,alain@finale-dev.com,alain@finale-dev.com,Alain Penders,preferred
mutt,,amarks@red.ridge.amrx.net,amarks@red.ridge.amrx.net,Andrew Marks,preferred
mutt,,ammon.riley@gmail.com,ammon.riley@gmail.com,Ammon Riley,preferred
mutt,,anders.helmersson.utsikt@wasadata.net,anders.helmersson.utsikt@wasadata.net,Anders Helmersson,preferred
mutt,,anders.helmersson.utsikt@wasadata.net,anders.helmersson@telia.com,Anders Helmersson,secondary
mutt,,andreas.amann@tyndall.ie,andreas.amann@tyndall.ie,Andreas Amann,preferred
mutt,,andreas.amann@tyndall.ie,andreas.amann@tyndall.ie,Unknown,secondary
mutt,,andrej.skvortzov@gmail.com,andrej.skvortzov@gmail.com,Andrey Skvortsov,preferred
mutt,,andrew@gaul.org,andrew@gaul.org,Andrew Gaul,preferred
mutt,,anton@basename.se,anton@basename.se,Anton Lindqvist,preferred
mutt,,anton@basename.se,anton.lindqvist@gmail.com,Anton Lindqvist,secondary
mutt,,asp16@alu.ua.es,asp16@alu.ua.es,Adeodato Simó,preferred
mutt,,asp16@alu.ua.es,dato@net.com.org.es,Adeodato Simó,secondary
mutt,,at@altlinux.org,at@altlinux.org,Alexey Tourbin,preferred
mutt,,aw@osn.de,aw@osn.de,Armin Wolfermann,preferred
mutt,,awn@bcs.zp.ua,awn@bcs.zp.ua,Andrew Nosenko,preferred
mutt,,awn@bcs.zp.ua,awn@bcs.zp.ua,Andrew W. Nosenko,secondary
mutt,,bat.guano@don.blech.e4ward.com,bat.guano@don.blech.e4ward.com,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,beck@ibh.de,beck@ibh.de,Beck, Andre,secondary
mutt,,beck@ibh.de,beck@ibh.de,Andre Beck,preferred
mutt,,bernd@ba-net.org,bernd@ba-net.org,Bernd Ahlers,preferred
mutt,,bjoern@j3e.de,bjoern@j3e.de,Bjoern Jacke,preferred
mutt,,bjoern@j3e.de,muttbug@j3e.de,Bjoern Jacke,secondary
mutt,,blacktrash@gmx.net,blacktrash@gmx.net,Christian Ebert,preferred
mutt,,blong@fiction.net,blong@fiction.net,Brandon Long,preferred
mutt,,brendan@cully.org,brendan@cully.org,Brendan Cully,preferred
mutt,,brendan@cully.org,brendan@kublai.com,Brendan Cully,secondary
mutt,,brent@nordist.net,brent@nordist.net,Brent Nordquist,preferred
mutt,,brent@nordist.net,brent@nordist.net,Brent J. Nordquist,secondary
mutt,,bruno@postle.net,bruno@postle.net,Bruno Postle,preferred
mutt,,bugs@kayari.org,bugs@kayari.org,Jonathan Wakely,preferred
mutt,,byrial@image.dk,byrial@image.dk,Byrial Jensen,preferred
mutt,,cameron@patrick.wattle.id.au,cameron@patrick.wattle.id.au,Cameron Patrick,preferred
mutt,,cbrownstein@liquidityllc.com,cbrownstein@liquidityllc.com,Cody Brownstein,preferred
mutt,,cedricduval@free.fr,cedricduval@free.fr,Cedric Duval,preferred
mutt,,cedricduval@free.fr,cedricduval+web@free.fr,Cedric Duval,secondary
mutt,,ckillian@cs.ucsd.edu,ckillian@cs.ucsd.edu,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,cludwig@cdc.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de,cludwig@cdc.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de,Christoph Ludwig,preferred
mutt,,cminyard@mvista.com,cminyard@mvista.com,Corey Minyard,preferred
mutt,,code@pizzashack.org,code@pizzashack.org,Derek Martin,preferred
mutt,,code@pizzashack.org,invalid@pizzashack.org,Derek Martin,secondary
mutt,,consus@gmx.com,consus@gmx.com,Consus,preferred
mutt,,cypher@conuropsis.org,cypher@conuropsis.org,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,dale-list-mutt-dev-2@woolridge.org,dale-list-mutt-dev-2@woolridge.org,Dale Woolridge,preferred
mutt,,dale-list-mutt-dev-2@woolridge.org,dale-flea-mutt-bug@woolridge.org,Dale Woolridge,secondary
mutt,,dan@coneharvesters.com,dan@coneharvesters.com,Dan Fandrich,preferred
mutt,,dan@danborn.net,dan@danborn.net,Dan Born,preferred
mutt,,dan@debian.org,dan@debian.org,Daniel Jacobowitz,preferred
mutt,,dan@ohnesorg.cz,dan@ohnesorg.cz,Dan Ohnesorg,preferred
mutt,,daniel.loewenherz@yale.edu,daniel.loewenherz@yale.edu,Dan Loewenherz,preferred
mutt,,david@jardine.de,david@jardine.de,David Jardine,preferred
mutt,,dburrows@debian.org,dburrows@debian.org,Daniel Burrows,preferred
mutt,,dereks@lifeofadishwasher.com,dereks@lifeofadishwasher.com,Derek Schrock,preferred
mutt,,dev.mutt.org@g.gshapiro.net,dev.mutt.org@g.gshapiro.net,Gregory Shapiro,preferred
mutt,,dgc@c13.us,dgc@c13.us,David Champion,preferred
mutt,,dgc@c13.us,dgc.github@c13.us,David Champion,secondary
mutt,,dgc@c13.us,dgc@bikeshed.us,David Champion,secondary
mutt,,dgc@c13.us,dgc@uchicago.edu,David Champion,secondary
mutt,,djo33@free.fr,djo33@free.fr,Johan D,preferred
mutt,,dkg@fifthhorseman.net,dkg@fifthhorseman.net,Daniel Kahn Gillmor,preferred
mutt,,dmitri.vereshchagin@gmail.com,dmitri.vereshchagin@gmail.com,Dmitri Vereshchagin,preferred
mutt,,dnelson@allantgroup.com,dnelson@allantgroup.com,Dan Nelson,preferred
mutt,,dothebart@uncensored.citadel.org,dothebart@uncensored.citadel.org,Wilfried Goesgens,preferred
mutt,,dr1s@users.noreply.github.com,dr1s@users.noreply.github.com,Daniel Schmitz,preferred
mutt,,dshaw@jabberwocky.com,dshaw@jabberwocky.com,David Shaw,preferred
mutt,,duvall@emufarm.org,duvall@emufarm.org,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,dw@botanicus.net,dw@botanicus.net,David Wilson,preferred
mutt,,dzieko@pwr.wroc.pl,dzieko@pwr.wroc.pl,Pawel Dziekonski,preferred
mutt,,dzieko@pwr.wroc.pl,pawel.dziekonski@pwr.wroc.pl,Pawel Dziekonski,secondary
mutt,,e.giaquinta@glauco.it,e.giaquinta@glauco.it,Emanuele Giaquinta,preferred
mutt,,e.giaquinta@glauco.it,unknown,Emanuele Giaquinta,secondary
mutt,,ed@s5h.net,ed@s5h.net,Ed Neville,preferred
mutt,,ed@s5h.net,ed@s5h.net,ed@s5h.net,secondary
mutt,,edmundo@rano.org,edmundo@rano.org,Edmund Grimley Evans,preferred
mutt,,edmundo@rano.org,edmund820@rano.org,Edmund GRIMLEY EVANS,secondary
mutt,,edmundo@rano.org,edmundo@rano.org,Edmund GRIMLEY EVANS,secondary
mutt,,eggert@cs.ucla.edu,eggert@cs.ucla.edu,Paul Eggert,preferred
mutt,,erack@erack.de,erack@erack.de,Eike Rathke,preferred
mutt,,erik@hovland.org,erik@hovland.org,Erik Hovland,preferred
mutt,,esr@thyrsus.com,esr@thyrsus.com,Eric Raymond,preferred
mutt,,esr@thyrsus.com,esr@thyrsus.com,Unknown,secondary
mutt,,eunjea@koru.org,eunjea@koru.org,Im Eunjea,preferred
mutt,,exg@gentoo.org,exg@gentoo.org,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,fcdemirci@fastmail.fm,fcdemirci@fastmail.fm,Fahri Cihan Demirci,preferred
mutt,,flammie@iki.fi,flammie@iki.fi,Flammie Pirinen,preferred
mutt,,fw@deneb.enyo.de,fw@deneb.enyo.de,Florian Weimer,preferred
mutt,,g1pi@libero.it,g1pi@libero.it,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,garyjohn@spk.agilent.com,garyjohn@spk.agilent.com,Gary Johnson,preferred
mutt,,garyjohn@spk.agilent.com,unknown,Gary Johnson,secondary
mutt,,gerotick@faveve.uni-stuttgart.de,gerotick@faveve.uni-stuttgart.de,Gero Treuner,preferred
mutt,,gerotick@faveve.uni-stuttgart.de,gero@70t.de,Gero Treuner,secondary
mutt,,gerotick@faveve.uni-stuttgart.de,gt_16_gitlab.com@innocircle.com,gt_16_gitlab.com@innocircle.com,secondary
mutt,,grawity@gmail.com,grawity@gmail.com,Mantas Mikulėnas,preferred
mutt,,greek0@gmx.net,greek0@gmx.net,Christian Aichinger,preferred
mutt,,gszymaszek@short.pl,gszymaszek@short.pl,Grzegorz Szymaszek,preferred
mutt,,guilhem@guilhem.org,guilhem@guilhem.org,Guilhem Moulin,preferred
mutt,,hhorak@redhat.com,hhorak@redhat.com,Honza Horak,preferred
mutt,,hhorak@redhat.com,hhorak@redhat.com,Unknown,secondary
mutt,,horst@schirmeier.com,horst@schirmeier.com,Horst Schirmeier,preferred
mutt,,horvaths@fi.inf.elte.hu,horvaths@fi.inf.elte.hu,Horvath Szabolcs,preferred
mutt,,hristov@informatik.hu-berlin.de,hristov@informatik.hu-berlin.de,Velko Hristov,preferred
mutt,,hugo@larve.net,hugo@larve.net,Hugo Haas,preferred
mutt,,hvtaifwkbgefbaei@gmail.com,hvtaifwkbgefbaei@gmail.com,Sami Farin,preferred
mutt,,hvtaifwkbgefbaei@gmail.com,safari-mutt@safari.iki.fi,Sami Farin,secondary
mutt,,i18n@benno.vertaalt.nl,i18n@benno.vertaalt.nl,Benno Schulenberg,preferred
mutt,,int-e@gmx.de,int-e@gmx.de,Bertram Felgenhauer,preferred
mutt,,is@netbsd.org,is@netbsd.org,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,ivan@selidor.net,ivan@selidor.net,Ivan Vilata i Balaguer,preferred
mutt,,jamessan@jamessan.com,jamessan@jamessan.com,James McCoy,preferred
mutt,,jeffi@rcn.com,jeffi@rcn.com,Jeff Ito,preferred
mutt,,jeremy@azazel.net,jeremy@azazel.net,Jeremy Sowden,preferred
mutt,,jesus.climent@hispalinux.es,jesus.climent@hispalinux.es,Jesus Climent,preferred
mutt,,jesus.climent@hispalinux.es,jesus.climent@hispalinux.es,Unknown,secondary
mutt,,jhawk@mit.edu,jhawk@mit.edu,John Hawkinson,preferred
mutt,,joel.riou@normalesup.org,joel.riou@normalesup.org,Joël Riou,preferred
mutt,,joel@freebsd.org,joel@freebsd.org,Joel Dahl,preferred
mutt,,johan@svedberg.com,johan@svedberg.com,Johan Svedberg,preferred
mutt,,johan@svedberg.com,johan@svedberg.pp.se,Johan Svedberg,secondary
mutt,,john.beck@oracle.com,john.beck@oracle.com,John Beck,preferred
mutt,,john.beck@oracle.com,john.beck@oracle.com,Unknown,secondary
mutt,,john@swinbank.org,john@swinbank.org,John Swinbank,preferred
mutt,,jon@zetnet.net,jon@zetnet.net,Jon Miles,preferred
mutt,,jorgen.tegner@telia.com,jorgen.tegner@telia.com,Jörgen Tegnér,preferred
mutt,,juan@altmayer.com,juan@altmayer.com,Juan Altmayer Pizzorno,preferred
mutt,,jukka@salmi.ch,jukka@salmi.ch,Jukka Salmi,preferred
mutt,,jukka@salmi.ch,j+mutt@2007.salmi.ch,Jukka Salmi,secondary
mutt,,julian-git@d-and-j.net,julian-git@d-and-j.net,Julian Gilbey,preferred
mutt,,kees@outflux.net,kees@outflux.net,Kees Cook,preferred
mutt,,kees@outflux.net,kees@outflux.net,Unknown,secondary
mutt,,kevin@8t8.us,kevin@8t8.us,Kevin McCarthy,preferred
mutt,,kraai@ftbfs.org,kraai@ftbfs.org,Matt Kraai,preferred
mutt,,kscanne@gmail.com,kscanne@gmail.com,Kevin Scannell,preferred
mutt,,kscanne@gmail.com,scannell@slu.edu,Kevin Scannell,secondary
mutt,,ku4nf@austin.rr.com,ku4nf@austin.rr.com,Dan Hopper,preferred
mutt,,kyle@memoryhole.net,kyle@memoryhole.net,Kyle Wheeler,preferred
mutt,,kyle@memoryhole.net,kyle-mutt-dev@memoryhole.net,Kyle Wheeler,secondary
mutt,,kyle@memoryhole.net,unknown,Kyle Wheeler,secondary
mutt,,lhecking@nmrc.ucc.ie,lhecking@nmrc.ucc.ie,Lars Hecking,preferred
mutt,,lhecking@nmrc.ucc.ie,lhecking@nmrc.ie,Lars Hecking,secondary
mutt,,lhecking@nmrc.ucc.ie,lhecking@users.sourceforge.net,Lars Hecking,secondary
mutt,,lilydjwg@gmail.com,lilydjwg@gmail.com,lilydjwg,preferred
mutt,,lists+mutt_devs@bigfatdave.com,lists+mutt_devs@bigfatdave.com,David Yitzchak Cohen,preferred
mutt,,lists+mutt_devs@bigfatdave.com,lists+mutt_bugs@bigfatdave.com,David Yitzchak Cohen,secondary
mutt,,lists@jhweiss.de,lists@jhweiss.de,Holger Weiss,preferred
mutt,,lists@jhweiss.de,holger@zedat.fu-berlin.de,Holger Weiss,secondary
mutt,,ludwig@fh-worms.de,ludwig@fh-worms.de,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,luke@mewburn.net,luke@mewburn.net,Luke Mewburn,preferred
mutt,,malcolm.parsons@gmail.com,malcolm.parsons@gmail.com,Malcolm Parsons,preferred
mutt,,manphiz@gmail.com,manphiz@gmail.com,Deng Xiyue,preferred
mutt,,marcel@telka.sk,marcel@telka.sk,Marcel Telka,preferred
mutt,,marcel@telka.sk,marcel@telka.sk,Unknown,secondary
mutt,,marcopaolone@gmail.com,marcopaolone@gmail.com,Marco Paolone,preferred
mutt,,marmarek@invisiblethingslab.com,marmarek@invisiblethingslab.com,Marek Marczykowski-Górecki,preferred
mutt,,martin@sandsmark.ninja,martin@sandsmark.ninja,Martin Sandsmark,preferred
mutt,,matthias.andree@gmx.de,matthias.andree@gmx.de,Matthias Andree,preferred
mutt,,mattn_jp@hotmail.com,mattn_jp@hotmail.com,Yasuhiro Matsumoto,preferred
mutt,,mbj@spamcop.net,mbj@spamcop.net,Morten Bo Johansen,preferred
mutt,,mbj@spamcop.net,listmail@mbjnet.dk,Morten Bo Johansen,secondary
mutt,,mbj@spamcop.net,mbj@mbjnet.dk,Morten Bo Johansen,secondary
mutt,,mbj@spamcop.net,mjb@spamcop.net,Morten Bo Johansen,secondary
mutt,,mbj@spamcop.net,mojo@mbjnet.dk,Morten Bo Johansen,secondary
mutt,,mbj@spamcop.net,morten.bo.johansen@gmail.com,Morten Bo Johansen,secondary
mutt,,md@linux.it,md@linux.it,Marco d'Itri,preferred
mutt,,me@mutt.org,me@mutt.org,Michael Elkins,preferred
mutt,,me@mutt.org,me@sigpipe.org,Michael Elkins,secondary
mutt,,me@mutt.org,me@sigpipe.org,Unknown,secondary
mutt,,mellon@pobox.com,mellon@pobox.com,Anatoly Vorobey,preferred
mutt,,mhallock@scs.uiuc.edu,mhallock@scs.uiuc.edu,Mike Hallock,preferred
mutt,,michael.tatge@web.de,michael.tatge@web.de,Michael Tatge,preferred
mutt,,mij@soupnazi.org,mij@soupnazi.org,Jim Mock,preferred
mutt,,mlichvar@redhat.com,mlichvar@redhat.com,Miroslav Lichvar,preferred
mutt,,mmj@suse.de,mmj@suse.de,Mads Martin Joergensen,preferred
mutt,,moritz@g10code.com,moritz@g10code.com,Moritz Schulte,preferred
mutt,,moritz@g10code.com,Moritz.Schulte@ruhr-uni-bochum.de,Moritz Schulte,secondary
mutt,,moritz@g10code.com,Moritz.Schulte@ruhr-uni-bochum.de,Unknown,secondary
mutt,,muh.muhten@gmail.com,muh.muhten@gmail.com,Muh Muhten,preferred
mutt,,mutt-dev-ml@elho.net,mutt-dev-ml@elho.net,Elmar Hoffmann,preferred
mutt,,mutt-dev@spodhuis.demon.nl,mutt-dev@spodhuis.demon.nl,Phil Pennock,preferred
mutt,,mutt@kempniu.pl,mutt@kempniu.pl,Michał Kępień,preferred
mutt,,mvrable@cs.ucsd.edu,mvrable@cs.ucsd.edu,Michael Vrable,preferred
mutt,,nam1@cec.wustl.edu,nam1@cec.wustl.edu,Nik Melchior,preferred
mutt,,nam1@cec.wustl.edu,nam1@cec.wustl.edu,Nik A. Melchior,secondary
mutt,,neilb@cse.unsw.edu.au,neilb@cse.unsw.edu.au,Neil Brown,preferred
mutt,,neleai@seznam.cz,neleai@seznam.cz,Ondřej Bílka,preferred
mutt,,nhd+mutt@andrew.cmu.edu,nhd+mutt@andrew.cmu.edu,Nathan Dushman,preferred
mutt,,nihilhill@gmail.com,nihilhill@gmail.com,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,njm@njm.f2s.com,njm@njm.f2s.com,N.J. Mann,preferred
mutt,,nonakap@gmail.com,nonakap@gmail.com,Kimihiro Nonaka,preferred
mutt,,nonakap@gmail.com,nonakap@gmail.com,NONAKA Kimihiro,secondary
mutt,,notting@redhat.com,notting@redhat.com,Bill Nottingham,preferred
mutt,,nr@rachinsky.de,nr@rachinsky.de,Nicolas Rachinsky,preferred
mutt,,nr@rachinsky.de,nicolas@dauerreden.de,Nicolas Rachinsky,secondary
mutt,,nutello@sweetness.com,nutello@sweetness.com,Rudi Chiarito,preferred
mutt,,olaf@aepfle.de,olaf@aepfle.de,Olaf Hering,preferred
mutt,,oota@mspd.mt.nec.co.jp,oota@mspd.mt.nec.co.jp,Oota Toshiya,preferred
mutt,,oota@mspd.mt.nec.co.jp,oota@mspd.mt.nec.co.jp,oota toshiya,secondary
mutt,,ossi@kde.org,ossi@kde.org,Oswald Buddenhagen,preferred
mutt,,paul@black-sun.demon.co.uk,paul@black-sun.demon.co.uk,Paul Walker,preferred
mutt,,paul@black-sun.demon.co.uk,paul.walker@st.com,Paul WALKER,secondary
mutt,,pdmef@gmx.net,pdmef@gmx.net,Rocco Rutte,preferred
mutt,,pdmef@gmx.net,s1118644@mail.inf.tu-dresden.de,Rocco Rutte,secondary
mutt,,peb@mppmu.mpg.de,peb@mppmu.mpg.de,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,peda@lysator.liu.se,peda@lysator.liu.se,Peter Rosin,preferred
mutt,,peter@lekensteyn.nl,peter@lekensteyn.nl,Peter Wu,preferred
mutt,,peter@pcc.me.uk,peter@pcc.me.uk,Peter Collingbourne,preferred
mutt,,petr.pisar@atlas.cz,petr.pisar@atlas.cz,Petr Písař,preferred
mutt,,petr.pisar@atlas.cz,petr.pisar@atlas.cz,Petr Pisar,secondary
mutt,,petr.pisar@atlas.cz,petr.pisar@atlas.cz,Petr P√≠sa≈ô,secondary
mutt,,ph04169@cc.uoi.gr,ph04169@cc.uoi.gr,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,philipp.gesang@intra2net.com,philipp.gesang@intra2net.com,Philipp Gesang,preferred
mutt,,pi@beobide.net,pi@beobide.net,Piarres Beobide Egaña,preferred
mutt,,pi@beobide.net,pi@beobide.net,pi,secondary
mutt,,pigleich3@gmx.net,pigleich3@gmx.net,Konstantin Stephan,preferred
mutt,,plenz@cis.fu-berlin.de,plenz@cis.fu-berlin.de,Julius Plenz,preferred
mutt,,prlw1@cam.ac.uk,prlw1@cam.ac.uk,Patrick Welche,preferred
mutt,,prlw1@cam.ac.uk,prlw1@newn.cam.ac.uk,Patrick Welche,secondary
mutt,,pywatson@gmail.com,pywatson@gmail.com,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,qhwt+mutt@les.ath.cx,qhwt+mutt@les.ath.cx,Tomokazu Yonetani,preferred
mutt,,qhwt+mutt@les.ath.cx,qhwt+mutt@les.ath.cx,YONETANI Tomokazu,secondary
mutt,,rac@tenzing.org,rac@tenzing.org,Roger Cornelius,preferred
mutt,,raorn@altlinux.org,raorn@altlinux.org,Alexey Froloff,preferred
mutt,,raorn@altlinux.org,raorn@altlinux.org,Alexey I. Froloff,secondary
mutt,,rea-mutt@codelabs.ru,rea-mutt@codelabs.ru,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,regrado@web.de,regrado@web.de,Rado Smiljanic,preferred
mutt,,regrado@web.de,regrado@web.de,Rado S,secondary
mutt,,rene@clerc.nl,rene@clerc.nl,René Clerc,preferred
mutt,,rene@clerc.nl,rene@clerc.nl,Ren√© Clerc,secondary
mutt,,rich.burridge@oracle.com,rich.burridge@oracle.com,Rich Burridge,preferred
mutt,,rich.burridge@oracle.com,rich.burridge@oracle.com,Unknown,secondary
mutt,,rkagan@mail.ru,rkagan@mail.ru,Roman Kagan,preferred
mutt,,rkraevskiy@gmail.com,rkraevskiy@gmail.com,Roman Kraevskiy,preferred
mutt,,robert.schiele@t-online.de,robert.schiele@t-online.de,Robert Schiele,preferred
mutt,,roessler@does-not-exist.org,roessler@does-not-exist.org,Thomas Roessler,preferred
mutt,,roktas@omu.edu.tr,roktas@omu.edu.tr,Recai Oktas,preferred
mutt,,roland@spinnaker.de,roland@spinnaker.de,Roland Rosenfeld,preferred
mutt,,ronny@haryan.to,ronny@haryan.to,Ronny Haryanto,preferred
mutt,,ronny@haryan.to,ronnylist@haryan.to,Ronny Haryanto,secondary
mutt,,rosenp@gmail.com,rosenp@gmail.com,Rosen Penev,preferred
mutt,,rtc@gmx.de,rtc@gmx.de,Unknown,preferred
mutt,,rudy@cae.com,rudy@cae.com,Rudy Taraschi,preferred
mutt,,rupert@levene.dyndns.org,rupert@levene.dyndns.org,Rupert Levene,preferred
mutt,,sahil@brandeis.edu,sahil@brandeis.edu,Sahil Tandon,preferred
mutt,,sam@rfc1149.net,sam@rfc1149.net,Samuel Tardieu,preferred
mutt,,sampablokuper@riseup.net,sampablokuper@riseup.net,Sam Pablo Kuper,preferred
mutt,,self@sungpae.com,self@sungpae.com,guns,preferred
mutt,,seth.arnold@suse.de,seth.arnold@suse.de,Seth Arnold,preferred
mutt,,seth@forshee.me,seth@forshee.me,Seth Forshee,preferred
mutt,,siegert@sfu.ca,siegert@sfu.ca,Martin Siegert,preferred
mutt,,simon@ruderich.org,simon@ruderich.org,Simon Ruderich,preferred
mutt,,sithglan@stud.uni-erlangen.de,sithglan@stud.uni-erlangen.de,Thomas Glanzmann,preferred
mutt,,skoranda@gravity.phys.uwm.edu,skoranda@gravity.phys.uwm.edu,Scott Koranda,preferred
mutt,,skx@debian.org,skx@debian.org,Steve Kemp,preferred
mutt,,stefan.strogin@gmail.com,stefan.strogin@gmail.com,Stefan Strogin,preferred
mutt,,steve-md@gbnet.net,steve-md@gbnet.net,Steve Kennedy,preferred
mutt,,taki@luna.email.ne.jp,taki@luna.email.ne.jp,Takashi Takizawa,preferred
mutt,,taki@luna.email.ne.jp,taki@cyber.email.ne.jp,Takashi TAKIZAWA,secondary
mutt,,taki@luna.email.ne.jp,taki@luna.email.ne.jp,TAKIZAWA Takashi,secondary
mutt,,tamelingdaniel@gmail.com,tamelingdaniel@gmail.com,Daniel Tameling,preferred
mutt,,tamentis@neopulsar.org,tamentis@neopulsar.org,Bertrand Janin,preferred
mutt,,tbm@cyrius.com,tbm@cyrius.com,Martin Michlmayr,preferred
mutt,,thoger@redhat.com,thoger@redhat.com,Tomas Hoger,preferred
mutt,,tim@stoakes.net,tim@stoakes.net,Tim Stoakes,preferred
mutt,,tmz@pobox.com,tmz@pobox.com,Todd Zullinger,preferred
mutt,,tommi.komulainen@iki.fi,tommi.komulainen@iki.fi,Tommi Komulainen,preferred
mutt,,tonio@netbsd.org,tonio@netbsd.org,Antoine Reilles,preferred
mutt,,tony@cvr.ds.adp.com,tony@cvr.ds.adp.com,Tony Leneis,preferred
mutt,,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,Tamotsu Takahashi,preferred
mutt,,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,arms405@jade.dti.ne.jp,TAKAHASHI Tamotsu,secondary
mutt,,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,tamo@momonga-linux.org,TAKAHASHI Tamotsu,secondary
mutt,,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,ttakah@gmail.com,Tamotsu TAKAHASHI,secondary
mutt,,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,TAKAHASHI Tamotsu,secondary
mutt,,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,Takahashi Tamotsu,secondary
mutt,,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,Tamotsu TAKAHASHI,secondary
mutt,,unknown,unknown,Andreas Jaggi,preferred
mutt,,unknown,unknown,Andreas Jobs,preferred
mutt,,unknown,unknown,H.N.Caldwell,preferred
mutt,,unknown,unknown,Julien Cristau,preferred
mutt,,unknown,unknown,Masayuki Moriyama,preferred
mutt,,unknown,unknown,Sertaç Ö. Yıldız,preferred
mutt,,unknown,unknown,convert-repo,preferred
mutt,,unknown,unknown,hncaldwell,secondary
mutt,,urs@tin.org,urs@tin.org,Urs Janßen,preferred
mutt,,vapier@gentoo.org,vapier@gentoo.org,Mike Frysinger,preferred
mutt,,veronatif@free.fr,veronatif@free.fr,Alain Bench,preferred
mutt,,veronatif@free.fr,messtic@oreka.com,Alain Bench,secondary
mutt,,vincent@vinc17.org,vincent@vinc17.org,Vincent Lefevre,preferred
mutt,,vincent@vinc17.org,vincent@vinc17.net,Vincent Lefevre,secondary
mutt,,vladimir.marek@sun.com,vladimir.marek@sun.com,Vladimir Marek,preferred
mutt,,vogelchr@vogel.cx,vogelchr@vogel.cx,Christian Vogel,preferred
mutt,,vvv@mutt.org.ua,vvv@mutt.org.ua,Vsevolod Volkov,preferred
mutt,,wiegner@gmx.de,wiegner@gmx.de,Thomas Wiegner,preferred
mutt,,wildenhues@ins.uni-bonn.de,wildenhues@ins.uni-bonn.de,Ralf Wildenhues,preferred
mutt,,will.fiveash@oracle.com,will.fiveash@oracle.com,Will Fiveash,preferred
mutt,,will.fiveash@oracle.com,Will.Fiveash@Sun.COM,Will Fiveash,secondary
mutt,,will.fiveash@oracle.com,william.fiveash@sun.com,Will Fiveash,secondary
mutt,,wk@gnupg.org,wk@gnupg.org,Werner Koch,preferred
mutt,,wuodan@hispeed.ch,wuodan@hispeed.ch,Stefan Kuhn,preferred
mutt,,wv@xs2mail.com,wv@xs2mail.com,Wouter Verheijen,preferred
