mutt,1074468571@schiraldi.org,,preferred,Mike Schiraldi,1074468571@schiraldi.org
mutt,7vvtch802@sneakemail.com,,preferred,ta_panta_rei,7vvtch802@sneakemail.com
mutt,a.c.li@ieee.org,,preferred,Ambrose Li,a.c.li@ieee.org
mutt,aaron@schrab.com,,preferred,Aaron Schrab,aaron@schrab.com
mutt,aaron@schrab.com,,secondary,Aaron Schrab,aaron+mutt@schrab.com
mutt,aaronl@vitelus.com,,preferred,Aaron Lehmann,aaronl@vitelus.com
mutt,aduitsis@gmail.com,,preferred,Athanasios Douitsis,aduitsis@gmail.com
mutt,agriffis@n01se.net,,preferred,Aron Griffis,agriffis@n01se.net
mutt,alain@finale-dev.com,,preferred,Alain Penders,alain@finale-dev.com
mutt,amarks@red.ridge.amrx.net,,preferred,Andrew Marks,amarks@red.ridge.amrx.net
mutt,ammon.riley@gmail.com,,preferred,Ammon Riley,ammon.riley@gmail.com
mutt,anders.helmersson.utsikt@wasadata.net,,preferred,Anders Helmersson,anders.helmersson.utsikt@wasadata.net
mutt,anders.helmersson.utsikt@wasadata.net,,secondary,Anders Helmersson,anders.helmersson@telia.com
mutt,andreas.amann@tyndall.ie,,preferred,Andreas Amann,andreas.amann@tyndall.ie
mutt,andreas.amann@tyndall.ie,,secondary,Unknown,andreas.amann@tyndall.ie
mutt,andrej.skvortzov@gmail.com,,preferred,Andrey Skvortsov,andrej.skvortzov@gmail.com
mutt,andrew@gaul.org,,preferred,Andrew Gaul,andrew@gaul.org
mutt,anton@basename.se,,preferred,Anton Lindqvist,anton@basename.se
mutt,anton@basename.se,,secondary,Anton Lindqvist,anton.lindqvist@gmail.com
mutt,asp16@alu.ua.es,,preferred,Adeodato Simó,asp16@alu.ua.es
mutt,asp16@alu.ua.es,,secondary,Adeodato Simó,dato@net.com.org.es
mutt,at@altlinux.org,,preferred,Alexey Tourbin,at@altlinux.org
mutt,aw@osn.de,,preferred,Armin Wolfermann,aw@osn.de
mutt,awn@bcs.zp.ua,,preferred,Andrew Nosenko,awn@bcs.zp.ua
mutt,awn@bcs.zp.ua,,secondary,Andrew W. Nosenko,awn@bcs.zp.ua
mutt,bat.guano@don.blech.e4ward.com,,preferred,Unknown,bat.guano@don.blech.e4ward.com
mutt,beck@ibh.de,,preferred,Andre Beck,beck@ibh.de
mutt,beck@ibh.de,,secondary,Beck\, Andre,beck@ibh.de
mutt,bernd@ba-net.org,,preferred,Bernd Ahlers,bernd@ba-net.org
mutt,bjoern@j3e.de,,preferred,Bjoern Jacke,bjoern@j3e.de
mutt,bjoern@j3e.de,,secondary,Bjoern Jacke,muttbug@j3e.de
mutt,blacktrash@gmx.net,,preferred,Christian Ebert,blacktrash@gmx.net
mutt,blong@fiction.net,,preferred,Brandon Long,blong@fiction.net
mutt,brendan@cully.org,,preferred,Brendan Cully,brendan@cully.org
mutt,brendan@cully.org,,secondary,Brendan Cully,brendan@kublai.com
mutt,brent@nordist.net,,preferred,Brent Nordquist,brent@nordist.net
mutt,brent@nordist.net,,secondary,Brent J. Nordquist,brent@nordist.net
mutt,bruno@postle.net,,preferred,Bruno Postle,bruno@postle.net
mutt,bugs@kayari.org,,preferred,Jonathan Wakely,bugs@kayari.org
mutt,byrial@image.dk,,preferred,Byrial Jensen,byrial@image.dk
mutt,cameron@patrick.wattle.id.au,,preferred,Cameron Patrick,cameron@patrick.wattle.id.au
mutt,cbrownstein@liquidityllc.com,,preferred,Cody Brownstein,cbrownstein@liquidityllc.com
mutt,cedricduval@free.fr,,preferred,Cedric Duval,cedricduval@free.fr
mutt,cedricduval@free.fr,,secondary,Cedric Duval,cedricduval+web@free.fr
mutt,ckillian@cs.ucsd.edu,,preferred,Unknown,ckillian@cs.ucsd.edu
mutt,cludwig@cdc.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de,,preferred,Christoph Ludwig,cludwig@cdc.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de
mutt,cminyard@mvista.com,,preferred,Corey Minyard,cminyard@mvista.com
mutt,code@pizzashack.org,,preferred,Derek Martin,code@pizzashack.org
mutt,code@pizzashack.org,,secondary,Derek Martin,invalid@pizzashack.org
mutt,consus@gmx.com,,preferred,Consus,consus@gmx.com
mutt,cypher@conuropsis.org,,preferred,Unknown,cypher@conuropsis.org
mutt,dale-list-mutt-dev-2@woolridge.org,,preferred,Dale Woolridge,dale-list-mutt-dev-2@woolridge.org
mutt,dale-list-mutt-dev-2@woolridge.org,,secondary,Dale Woolridge,dale-flea-mutt-bug@woolridge.org
mutt,dan@coneharvesters.com,,preferred,Dan Fandrich,dan@coneharvesters.com
mutt,dan@danborn.net,,preferred,Dan Born,dan@danborn.net
mutt,dan@debian.org,,preferred,Daniel Jacobowitz,dan@debian.org
mutt,dan@ohnesorg.cz,,preferred,Dan Ohnesorg,dan@ohnesorg.cz
mutt,daniel.loewenherz@yale.edu,,preferred,Dan Loewenherz,daniel.loewenherz@yale.edu
mutt,david@jardine.de,,preferred,David Jardine,david@jardine.de
mutt,dburrows@debian.org,,preferred,Daniel Burrows,dburrows@debian.org
mutt,dereks@lifeofadishwasher.com,,preferred,Derek Schrock,dereks@lifeofadishwasher.com
mutt,dev.mutt.org@g.gshapiro.net,,preferred,Gregory Shapiro,dev.mutt.org@g.gshapiro.net
mutt,dgc@c13.us,,preferred,David Champion,dgc@c13.us
mutt,dgc@c13.us,,secondary,David Champion,dgc.github@c13.us
mutt,dgc@c13.us,,secondary,David Champion,dgc@bikeshed.us
mutt,dgc@c13.us,,secondary,David Champion,dgc@uchicago.edu
mutt,djo33@free.fr,,preferred,Johan D,djo33@free.fr
mutt,dkg@fifthhorseman.net,,preferred,Daniel Kahn Gillmor,dkg@fifthhorseman.net
mutt,dmitri.vereshchagin@gmail.com,,preferred,Dmitri Vereshchagin,dmitri.vereshchagin@gmail.com
mutt,dnelson@allantgroup.com,,preferred,Dan Nelson,dnelson@allantgroup.com
mutt,dothebart@uncensored.citadel.org,,preferred,Wilfried Goesgens,dothebart@uncensored.citadel.org
mutt,dr1s@users.noreply.github.com,,preferred,Daniel Schmitz,dr1s@users.noreply.github.com
mutt,dshaw@jabberwocky.com,,preferred,David Shaw,dshaw@jabberwocky.com
mutt,duvall@emufarm.org,,preferred,Unknown,duvall@emufarm.org
mutt,dw@botanicus.net,,preferred,David Wilson,dw@botanicus.net
mutt,dzieko@pwr.wroc.pl,,preferred,Pawel Dziekonski,dzieko@pwr.wroc.pl
mutt,dzieko@pwr.wroc.pl,,secondary,Pawel Dziekonski,pawel.dziekonski@pwr.wroc.pl
mutt,e.giaquinta@glauco.it,,preferred,Emanuele Giaquinta,e.giaquinta@glauco.it
mutt,e.giaquinta@glauco.it,,secondary,Emanuele Giaquinta,unknown
mutt,ed@s5h.net,,preferred,Ed Neville,ed@s5h.net
mutt,ed@s5h.net,,secondary,ed@s5h.net,ed@s5h.net
mutt,edmundo@rano.org,,preferred,Edmund Grimley Evans,edmundo@rano.org
mutt,edmundo@rano.org,,secondary,Edmund GRIMLEY EVANS,edmund820@rano.org
mutt,edmundo@rano.org,,secondary,Edmund GRIMLEY EVANS,edmundo@rano.org
mutt,eggert@cs.ucla.edu,,preferred,Paul Eggert,eggert@cs.ucla.edu
mutt,erack@erack.de,,preferred,Eike Rathke,erack@erack.de
mutt,erik@hovland.org,,preferred,Erik Hovland,erik@hovland.org
mutt,esr@thyrsus.com,,preferred,Eric Raymond,esr@thyrsus.com
mutt,esr@thyrsus.com,,secondary,Unknown,esr@thyrsus.com
mutt,eunjea@koru.org,,preferred,Im Eunjea,eunjea@koru.org
mutt,exg@gentoo.org,,preferred,Unknown,exg@gentoo.org
mutt,fcdemirci@fastmail.fm,,preferred,Fahri Cihan Demirci,fcdemirci@fastmail.fm
mutt,flammie@iki.fi,,preferred,Flammie Pirinen,flammie@iki.fi
mutt,fw@deneb.enyo.de,,preferred,Florian Weimer,fw@deneb.enyo.de
mutt,g1pi@libero.it,,preferred,Unknown,g1pi@libero.it
mutt,garyjohn@spk.agilent.com,,preferred,Gary Johnson,garyjohn@spk.agilent.com
mutt,garyjohn@spk.agilent.com,,secondary,Gary Johnson,unknown
mutt,gerotick@faveve.uni-stuttgart.de,,preferred,Gero Treuner,gerotick@faveve.uni-stuttgart.de
mutt,gerotick@faveve.uni-stuttgart.de,,secondary,Gero Treuner,gero@70t.de
mutt,gerotick@faveve.uni-stuttgart.de,,secondary,gt_16_gitlab.com@innocircle.com,gt_16_gitlab.com@innocircle.com
mutt,grawity@gmail.com,,preferred,Mantas Mikulėnas,grawity@gmail.com
mutt,greek0@gmx.net,,preferred,Christian Aichinger,greek0@gmx.net
mutt,gszymaszek@short.pl,,preferred,Grzegorz Szymaszek,gszymaszek@short.pl
mutt,guilhem@guilhem.org,,preferred,Guilhem Moulin,guilhem@guilhem.org
mutt,hhorak@redhat.com,,preferred,Honza Horak,hhorak@redhat.com
mutt,hhorak@redhat.com,,secondary,Unknown,hhorak@redhat.com
mutt,horst@schirmeier.com,,preferred,Horst Schirmeier,horst@schirmeier.com
mutt,horvaths@fi.inf.elte.hu,,preferred,Horvath Szabolcs,horvaths@fi.inf.elte.hu
mutt,hristov@informatik.hu-berlin.de,,preferred,Velko Hristov,hristov@informatik.hu-berlin.de
mutt,hugo@larve.net,,preferred,Hugo Haas,hugo@larve.net
mutt,hvtaifwkbgefbaei@gmail.com,,preferred,Sami Farin,hvtaifwkbgefbaei@gmail.com
mutt,hvtaifwkbgefbaei@gmail.com,,secondary,Sami Farin,safari-mutt@safari.iki.fi
mutt,i18n@benno.vertaalt.nl,,preferred,Benno Schulenberg,i18n@benno.vertaalt.nl
mutt,int-e@gmx.de,,preferred,Bertram Felgenhauer,int-e@gmx.de
mutt,is@netbsd.org,,preferred,Unknown,is@netbsd.org
mutt,ivan@selidor.net,,preferred,Ivan Vilata i Balaguer,ivan@selidor.net
mutt,jamessan@jamessan.com,,preferred,James McCoy,jamessan@jamessan.com
mutt,jeffi@rcn.com,,preferred,Jeff Ito,jeffi@rcn.com
mutt,jeremy@azazel.net,,preferred,Jeremy Sowden,jeremy@azazel.net
mutt,jesus.climent@hispalinux.es,,preferred,Jesus Climent,jesus.climent@hispalinux.es
mutt,jesus.climent@hispalinux.es,,secondary,Unknown,jesus.climent@hispalinux.es
mutt,jhawk@mit.edu,,preferred,John Hawkinson,jhawk@mit.edu
mutt,joel.riou@normalesup.org,,preferred,Joël Riou,joel.riou@normalesup.org
mutt,joel@freebsd.org,,preferred,Joel Dahl,joel@freebsd.org
mutt,johan@svedberg.com,,preferred,Johan Svedberg,johan@svedberg.com
mutt,johan@svedberg.com,,secondary,Johan Svedberg,johan@svedberg.pp.se
mutt,john.beck@oracle.com,,preferred,John Beck,john.beck@oracle.com
mutt,john.beck@oracle.com,,secondary,Unknown,john.beck@oracle.com
mutt,john@swinbank.org,,preferred,John Swinbank,john@swinbank.org
mutt,jon@zetnet.net,,preferred,Jon Miles,jon@zetnet.net
mutt,jorgen.tegner@telia.com,,preferred,Jörgen Tegnér,jorgen.tegner@telia.com
mutt,juan@altmayer.com,,preferred,Juan Altmayer Pizzorno,juan@altmayer.com
mutt,jukka@salmi.ch,,preferred,Jukka Salmi,jukka@salmi.ch
mutt,jukka@salmi.ch,,secondary,Jukka Salmi,j+mutt@2007.salmi.ch
mutt,julian-git@d-and-j.net,,preferred,Julian Gilbey,julian-git@d-and-j.net
mutt,kees@outflux.net,,preferred,Kees Cook,kees@outflux.net
mutt,kees@outflux.net,,secondary,Unknown,kees@outflux.net
mutt,kevin@8t8.us,,preferred,Kevin McCarthy,kevin@8t8.us
mutt,kraai@ftbfs.org,,preferred,Matt Kraai,kraai@ftbfs.org
mutt,kscanne@gmail.com,,preferred,Kevin Scannell,kscanne@gmail.com
mutt,kscanne@gmail.com,,secondary,Kevin Scannell,scannell@slu.edu
mutt,ku4nf@austin.rr.com,,preferred,Dan Hopper,ku4nf@austin.rr.com
mutt,kyle@memoryhole.net,,preferred,Kyle Wheeler,kyle@memoryhole.net
mutt,kyle@memoryhole.net,,secondary,Kyle Wheeler,kyle-mutt-dev@memoryhole.net
mutt,kyle@memoryhole.net,,secondary,Kyle Wheeler,unknown
mutt,lhecking@nmrc.ucc.ie,,preferred,Lars Hecking,lhecking@nmrc.ucc.ie
mutt,lhecking@nmrc.ucc.ie,,secondary,Lars Hecking,lhecking@nmrc.ie
mutt,lhecking@nmrc.ucc.ie,,secondary,Lars Hecking,lhecking@users.sourceforge.net
mutt,lilydjwg@gmail.com,,preferred,lilydjwg,lilydjwg@gmail.com
mutt,lists+mutt_devs@bigfatdave.com,,preferred,David Yitzchak Cohen,lists+mutt_devs@bigfatdave.com
mutt,lists+mutt_devs@bigfatdave.com,,secondary,David Yitzchak Cohen,lists+mutt_bugs@bigfatdave.com
mutt,lists@jhweiss.de,,preferred,Holger Weiss,lists@jhweiss.de
mutt,lists@jhweiss.de,,secondary,Holger Weiss,holger@zedat.fu-berlin.de
mutt,ludwig@fh-worms.de,,preferred,Unknown,ludwig@fh-worms.de
mutt,luke@mewburn.net,,preferred,Luke Mewburn,luke@mewburn.net
mutt,malcolm.parsons@gmail.com,,preferred,Malcolm Parsons,malcolm.parsons@gmail.com
mutt,marcel@telka.sk,,preferred,Marcel Telka,marcel@telka.sk
mutt,marcel@telka.sk,,secondary,Unknown,marcel@telka.sk
mutt,marcopaolone@gmail.com,,preferred,Marco Paolone,marcopaolone@gmail.com
mutt,marmarek@invisiblethingslab.com,,preferred,Marek Marczykowski-Górecki,marmarek@invisiblethingslab.com
mutt,martin@sandsmark.ninja,,preferred,Martin Sandsmark,martin@sandsmark.ninja
mutt,matthias.andree@gmx.de,,preferred,Matthias Andree,matthias.andree@gmx.de
mutt,mattn_jp@hotmail.com,,preferred,Yasuhiro Matsumoto,mattn_jp@hotmail.com
mutt,mbj@spamcop.net,,preferred,Morten Bo Johansen,mbj@spamcop.net
mutt,mbj@spamcop.net,,secondary,Morten Bo Johansen,listmail@mbjnet.dk
mutt,mbj@spamcop.net,,secondary,Morten Bo Johansen,mbj@mbjnet.dk
mutt,mbj@spamcop.net,,secondary,Morten Bo Johansen,mjb@spamcop.net
mutt,mbj@spamcop.net,,secondary,Morten Bo Johansen,mojo@mbjnet.dk
mutt,mbj@spamcop.net,,secondary,Morten Bo Johansen,morten.bo.johansen@gmail.com
mutt,md@linux.it,,preferred,Marco d'Itri,md@linux.it
mutt,me@mutt.org,,preferred,Michael Elkins,me@mutt.org
mutt,me@mutt.org,,secondary,Michael Elkins,me@sigpipe.org
mutt,me@mutt.org,,secondary,Unknown,me@sigpipe.org
mutt,mellon@pobox.com,,preferred,Anatoly Vorobey,mellon@pobox.com
mutt,mhallock@scs.uiuc.edu,,preferred,Mike Hallock,mhallock@scs.uiuc.edu
mutt,michael.tatge@web.de,,preferred,Michael Tatge,michael.tatge@web.de
mutt,mij@soupnazi.org,,preferred,Jim Mock,mij@soupnazi.org
mutt,mlichvar@redhat.com,,preferred,Miroslav Lichvar,mlichvar@redhat.com
mutt,mmj@suse.de,,preferred,Mads Martin Joergensen,mmj@suse.de
mutt,moritz@g10code.com,,preferred,Moritz Schulte,moritz@g10code.com
mutt,moritz@g10code.com,,secondary,Moritz Schulte,Moritz.Schulte@ruhr-uni-bochum.de
mutt,moritz@g10code.com,,secondary,Unknown,Moritz.Schulte@ruhr-uni-bochum.de
mutt,muh.muhten@gmail.com,,preferred,Muh Muhten,muh.muhten@gmail.com
mutt,mutt-dev-ml@elho.net,,preferred,Elmar Hoffmann,mutt-dev-ml@elho.net
mutt,mutt-dev@spodhuis.demon.nl,,preferred,Phil Pennock,mutt-dev@spodhuis.demon.nl
mutt,mutt@kempniu.pl,,preferred,Michał Kępień,mutt@kempniu.pl
mutt,mvrable@cs.ucsd.edu,,preferred,Michael Vrable,mvrable@cs.ucsd.edu
mutt,nam1@cec.wustl.edu,,preferred,Nik Melchior,nam1@cec.wustl.edu
mutt,nam1@cec.wustl.edu,,secondary,Nik A. Melchior,nam1@cec.wustl.edu
mutt,neilb@cse.unsw.edu.au,,preferred,Neil Brown,neilb@cse.unsw.edu.au
mutt,neleai@seznam.cz,,preferred,Ondřej Bílka,neleai@seznam.cz
mutt,nhd+mutt@andrew.cmu.edu,,preferred,Nathan Dushman,nhd+mutt@andrew.cmu.edu
mutt,nihilhill@gmail.com,,preferred,Unknown,nihilhill@gmail.com
mutt,njm@njm.f2s.com,,preferred,N.J. Mann,njm@njm.f2s.com
mutt,nonakap@gmail.com,,preferred,Kimihiro Nonaka,nonakap@gmail.com
mutt,nonakap@gmail.com,,secondary,NONAKA Kimihiro,nonakap@gmail.com
mutt,notting@redhat.com,,preferred,Bill Nottingham,notting@redhat.com
mutt,nr@rachinsky.de,,preferred,Nicolas Rachinsky,nr@rachinsky.de
mutt,nr@rachinsky.de,,secondary,Nicolas Rachinsky,nicolas@dauerreden.de
mutt,nutello@sweetness.com,,preferred,Rudi Chiarito,nutello@sweetness.com
mutt,Nyff@protonmail.ch,,preferred,Oneric,Nyff@protonmail.ch
mutt,olaf@aepfle.de,,preferred,Olaf Hering,olaf@aepfle.de
mutt,oota@mspd.mt.nec.co.jp,,preferred,Oota Toshiya,oota@mspd.mt.nec.co.jp
mutt,oota@mspd.mt.nec.co.jp,,secondary,oota toshiya,oota@mspd.mt.nec.co.jp
mutt,ossi@kde.org,,preferred,Oswald Buddenhagen,ossi@kde.org
mutt,paul@black-sun.demon.co.uk,,preferred,Paul Walker,paul@black-sun.demon.co.uk
mutt,paul@black-sun.demon.co.uk,,secondary,Paul WALKER,paul.walker@st.com
mutt,pdmef@gmx.net,,preferred,Rocco Rutte,pdmef@gmx.net
mutt,pdmef@gmx.net,,secondary,Rocco Rutte,s1118644@mail.inf.tu-dresden.de
mutt,peb@mppmu.mpg.de,,preferred,Unknown,peb@mppmu.mpg.de
mutt,peda@lysator.liu.se,,preferred,Peter Rosin,peda@lysator.liu.se
mutt,peter@lekensteyn.nl,,preferred,Peter Wu,peter@lekensteyn.nl
mutt,peter@pcc.me.uk,,preferred,Peter Collingbourne,peter@pcc.me.uk
mutt,petr.pisar@atlas.cz,,preferred,Petr Písař,petr.pisar@atlas.cz
mutt,petr.pisar@atlas.cz,,secondary,Petr Pisar,petr.pisar@atlas.cz
mutt,petr.pisar@atlas.cz,,secondary,Petr P√≠sa≈ô,petr.pisar@atlas.cz
mutt,ph04169@cc.uoi.gr,,preferred,Unknown,ph04169@cc.uoi.gr
mutt,philipp.gesang@intra2net.com,,preferred,Philipp Gesang,philipp.gesang@intra2net.com
mutt,pi@beobide.net,,preferred,Piarres Beobide Egaña,pi@beobide.net
mutt,pi@beobide.net,,secondary,pi,pi@beobide.net
mutt,pigleich3@gmx.net,,preferred,Konstantin Stephan,pigleich3@gmx.net
mutt,plenz@cis.fu-berlin.de,,preferred,Julius Plenz,plenz@cis.fu-berlin.de
mutt,prlw1@cam.ac.uk,,preferred,Patrick Welche,prlw1@cam.ac.uk
mutt,prlw1@cam.ac.uk,,secondary,Patrick Welche,prlw1@newn.cam.ac.uk
mutt,pywatson@gmail.com,,preferred,Unknown,pywatson@gmail.com
mutt,qhwt+mutt@les.ath.cx,,preferred,Tomokazu Yonetani,qhwt+mutt@les.ath.cx
mutt,qhwt+mutt@les.ath.cx,,secondary,YONETANI Tomokazu,qhwt+mutt@les.ath.cx
mutt,rac@tenzing.org,,preferred,Roger Cornelius,rac@tenzing.org
mutt,raorn@altlinux.org,,preferred,Alexey Froloff,raorn@altlinux.org
mutt,raorn@altlinux.org,,secondary,Alexey I. Froloff,raorn@altlinux.org
mutt,rea-mutt@codelabs.ru,,preferred,Unknown,rea-mutt@codelabs.ru
mutt,regrado@web.de,,preferred,Rado Smiljanic,regrado@web.de
mutt,regrado@web.de,,secondary,Rado S,regrado@web.de
mutt,remco@webconquest.com,,preferred,Remco Rijnders,remco@webconquest.com
mutt,remco@webconquest.com,,secondary,Remco Rĳnders,remco@webconquest.com
mutt,rene@clerc.nl,,preferred,René Clerc,rene@clerc.nl
mutt,rene@clerc.nl,,secondary,Ren√© Clerc,rene@clerc.nl
mutt,rich.burridge@oracle.com,,preferred,Rich Burridge,rich.burridge@oracle.com
mutt,rich.burridge@oracle.com,,secondary,Unknown,rich.burridge@oracle.com
mutt,rkagan@mail.ru,,preferred,Roman Kagan,rkagan@mail.ru
mutt,rkraevskiy@gmail.com,,preferred,Roman Kraevskiy,rkraevskiy@gmail.com
mutt,robert.schiele@t-online.de,,preferred,Robert Schiele,robert.schiele@t-online.de
mutt,roessler@does-not-exist.org,,preferred,Thomas Roessler,roessler@does-not-exist.org
mutt,roktas@omu.edu.tr,,preferred,Recai Oktas,roktas@omu.edu.tr
mutt,roland@spinnaker.de,,preferred,Roland Rosenfeld,roland@spinnaker.de
mutt,ronny@haryan.to,,preferred,Ronny Haryanto,ronny@haryan.to
mutt,ronny@haryan.to,,secondary,Ronny Haryanto,ronnylist@haryan.to
mutt,rosenp@gmail.com,,preferred,Rosen Penev,rosenp@gmail.com
mutt,rtc@gmx.de,,preferred,Unknown,rtc@gmx.de
mutt,rudy@cae.com,,preferred,Rudy Taraschi,rudy@cae.com
mutt,rupert@levene.dyndns.org,,preferred,Rupert Levene,rupert@levene.dyndns.org
mutt,sahil@brandeis.edu,,preferred,Sahil Tandon,sahil@brandeis.edu
mutt,sam@rfc1149.net,,preferred,Samuel Tardieu,sam@rfc1149.net
mutt,sampablokuper@riseup.net,,preferred,Sam Pablo Kuper,sampablokuper@riseup.net
mutt,Sebastien.Hinderer@libertysurf.fr,,preferred,Sébastien Hinderer,Sebastien.Hinderer@libertysurf.fr
mutt,Sebastien.Hinderer@libertysurf.fr,,secondary,Sébastien Hinderer,Sebastien.Hinderer@ens-lyon.org
mutt,self@sungpae.com,,preferred,guns,self@sungpae.com
mutt,seth.arnold@suse.de,,preferred,Seth Arnold,seth.arnold@suse.de
mutt,seth@forshee.me,,preferred,Seth Forshee,seth@forshee.me
mutt,siegert@sfu.ca,,preferred,Martin Siegert,siegert@sfu.ca
mutt,simon@ruderich.org,,preferred,Simon Ruderich,simon@ruderich.org
mutt,sithglan@stud.uni-erlangen.de,,preferred,Thomas Glanzmann,sithglan@stud.uni-erlangen.de
mutt,skoranda@gravity.phys.uwm.edu,,preferred,Scott Koranda,skoranda@gravity.phys.uwm.edu
mutt,skx@debian.org,,preferred,Steve Kemp,skx@debian.org
mutt,stefan.strogin@gmail.com,,preferred,Stefan Strogin,stefan.strogin@gmail.com
mutt,steve-md@gbnet.net,,preferred,Steve Kennedy,steve-md@gbnet.net
mutt,taki@luna.email.ne.jp,,preferred,Takashi Takizawa,taki@luna.email.ne.jp
mutt,taki@luna.email.ne.jp,,secondary,Takashi TAKIZAWA,taki@cyber.email.ne.jp
mutt,taki@luna.email.ne.jp,,secondary,TAKIZAWA Takashi,taki@luna.email.ne.jp
mutt,tamelingdaniel@gmail.com,,preferred,Daniel Tameling,tamelingdaniel@gmail.com
mutt,tamentis@neopulsar.org,,preferred,Bertrand Janin,tamentis@neopulsar.org
mutt,tbm@cyrius.com,,preferred,Martin Michlmayr,tbm@cyrius.com
mutt,thoger@redhat.com,,preferred,Tomas Hoger,thoger@redhat.com
mutt,tim@stoakes.net,,preferred,Tim Stoakes,tim@stoakes.net
mutt,tipecaml@gmail.com,,preferred,Cyril Roelandt,tipecaml@gmail.com
mutt,tmz@pobox.com,,preferred,Todd Zullinger,tmz@pobox.com
mutt,tommi.komulainen@iki.fi,,preferred,Tommi Komulainen,tommi.komulainen@iki.fi
mutt,tonio@netbsd.org,,preferred,Antoine Reilles,tonio@netbsd.org
mutt,tony@cvr.ds.adp.com,,preferred,Tony Leneis,tony@cvr.ds.adp.com
mutt,Toomas.Soome@microlink.ee,,preferred,Toomas Soome,Toomas.Soome@microlink.ee
mutt,Toomas.Soome@microlink.ee,,secondary,Toomas Soome,tsoome@muhv.pri.ee
mutt,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,,preferred,Tamotsu Takahashi,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp
mutt,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,,secondary,TAKAHASHI Tamotsu,arms405@jade.dti.ne.jp
mutt,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,,secondary,TAKAHASHI Tamotsu,tamo@momonga-linux.org
mutt,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,,secondary,TAKAHASHI Tamotsu,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp
mutt,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,,secondary,Takahashi Tamotsu,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp
mutt,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,,secondary,Tamotsu TAKAHASHI,ttakah@gmail.com
mutt,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp,,secondary,Tamotsu TAKAHASHI,ttakah@lapis.plala.or.jp
mutt,unknown,,preferred,Andreas Jaggi,unknown
mutt,unknown,,preferred,Andreas Jobs,unknown
mutt,unknown,,preferred,convert-repo,unknown
mutt,unknown,,preferred,Julien Cristau,unknown
mutt,unknown,,preferred,Masayuki Moriyama,unknown
mutt,unknown,,preferred,Sertaç Ö. Yıldız,unknown
mutt,urs@tin.org,,preferred,Urs Janßen,urs@tin.org
mutt,vapier@gentoo.org,,preferred,Mike Frysinger,vapier@gentoo.org
mutt,veronatif@free.fr,,preferred,Alain Bench,veronatif@free.fr
mutt,veronatif@free.fr,,secondary,Alain Bench,messtic@oreka.com
mutt,vincent@vinc17.org,,preferred,Vincent Lefevre,vincent@vinc17.org
mutt,vincent@vinc17.org,,secondary,Vincent Lefevre,vincent@vinc17.net
mutt,vladimir.marek@sun.com,,preferred,Vladimir Marek,vladimir.marek@sun.com
mutt,vogelchr@vogel.cx,,preferred,Christian Vogel,vogelchr@vogel.cx
mutt,vvv@mutt.org.ua,,preferred,Vsevolod Volkov,vvv@mutt.org.ua
mutt,wiegner@gmx.de,,preferred,Thomas Wiegner,wiegner@gmx.de
mutt,wildenhues@ins.uni-bonn.de,,preferred,Ralf Wildenhues,wildenhues@ins.uni-bonn.de
mutt,will.fiveash@oracle.com,,preferred,Will Fiveash,will.fiveash@oracle.com
mutt,will.fiveash@oracle.com,,secondary,Will Fiveash,Will.Fiveash@Sun.COM
mutt,will.fiveash@oracle.com,,secondary,Will Fiveash,william.fiveash@sun.com
mutt,wk@gnupg.org,,preferred,Werner Koch,wk@gnupg.org
mutt,wuodan@hispeed.ch,,preferred,Stefan Kuhn,wuodan@hispeed.ch
mutt,wv@xs2mail.com,,preferred,Wouter Verheijen,wv@xs2mail.com
mutt,Zardoz@users.sourceforge.net,,preferred,Unknown,Zardoz@users.sourceforge.net
